Revise how the domain of an array is specified (#144)
zarr-developers/zarr-specs: docs/core/v3.0.rst

      with an empty name is considered *unnamed*.  Within the domain of a single
      array, all non-empty dimension names must be distinct (no two dimensions
      may have the same non-empty name), but more than one dimension may have an
      empty name.  This specification does not place any restrictions on the use
      of the same dimension name across multiple arrays within the same
      hierarchy, but extensions or specific applications may do so.

    Both ``exclusive_max`` and ``inclusive_min`` may be negative integers.  The
    supported range for ``exclusive_max`` and ``inclusive_min`` is
    implementation defined, but must be at least ``[-2^-53, +2^53]``.

    For example:

    .. code-block:: json

       [{"inclusive_min": 0, "exclusive_max": 10},
        {"inclusive_min": 0, "exclusive_max": 20}]

    specifies a 2-dimensional domain where all dimensions are unnamed, the
    first dimension is indexed by ``0, 1, ..., 9`` and the second dimension is
    indexed by ``0, 1, ..., 19``.

    As another example:

    .. code-block:: json

       [{"inclusive_min": -5, "exclusive_max": 10, "name": "x"},
        {"inclusive_min": 7, "exclusive_max": 20, "name": "y"}]

>     specifiesa 2-dimensional domain where the first dimension (named ``"x"``) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    specifies a 2-dimensional domain where the first dimension (named ``"x"``) is
```
